doc: Add link to multi-region private endpoint troubleshooting (#3273)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/data-sources/privatelink_endpoint.md

-> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find group_id in the official documentation.

> -> **IMPORTANT:** You might encounter errors after configuring a private endpoint for a new
> region in your cluster. To learn how to troubleshoot potential errors, see
> [Multi-Region Private Endpoints](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/troubleshoot-private-endpoints/#multi-region-private-endpoints) in the MongoDB Atlas documentation.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **IMPORTANT:** If you are adding a new region to your cluster and configuring a private
endpoint for the region, make sure to first review the [Multi-Region Private Endpoints documentation](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/troubleshoot-private-endpoints/#multi-region-private-endpoints).

```

Reviewer: I wasn't convinced about mentioning "potential errors" since it could create confusion. So I am proposing this format "to read the doc first if you are..."

Author: I reworded it to something similar, let me know what you think!
